Add OMXPlayer version ref (#58)
omarcostahamido/PVM: README.md

### OMXPlayer

> We have build our own customized OMXPlayer and make a [v1.0.0 release](https://github.com/KaneBetter/omxplayer/releases/tag/v1.0.0) in this [repo](https://github.com/KaneBetter/omxplayer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PIP team built a customized version of OMXPlayer and made a dedicated [release](https://github.com/KaneBetter/omxplayer/releases/tag/v1.0.0) in this [repo](https://github.com/KaneBetter/omxplayer).
```

As mentioned in #57 the readme deserves an acknowledge section to clarify and credit the PIP team/context.

Author: Done
